de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/Sender.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.Sender
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/retrieval/htmlparsing/HtmlParsingUtil.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.retrieval.htmlparsing.HtmlParsingUtil
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/formatting/analyse/Analyzer.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.formatting.analyse.Analyzer
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/retrieval/htmlparsing/HtmlParsingException.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.retrieval.htmlparsing.HtmlParsingException
de/uniwue/jpp/errorhandling/OptionalWithMessage.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.errorhandling.OptionalWithMessage
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/formatting/Formatter.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.formatting.Formatter
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/gui/GuiLauncher.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.gui.GuiLauncher
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/gui/MensabotGui.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.gui.MensabotGui
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/sending/Importer.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.sending.Importer
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/retrieval/Parser.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.retrieval.Parser
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/util/JsonUtil.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.util.JsonUtil
de/uniwue/jpp/errorhandling/OptionalWithMessageVal.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.errorhandling.OptionalWithMessageVal
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/retrieval/htmlparsing/HtmlNode.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.retrieval.htmlparsing.HtmlNode
de/uniwue/jpp/errorhandling/OptionalWithMessageMsg.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.errorhandling.OptionalWithMessageMsg
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/retrieval/Saver.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.retrieval.Saver
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/dataclasses/Meal.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.dataclasses.Meal
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/dataclasses/MyMeal.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.dataclasses.MyMeal
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/dataclasses/Menu.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.dataclasses.Menu
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/dataclasses/MyMenu.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.dataclasses.MyMenu
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/Controller.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.Controller
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/dataclasses/testClass.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.dataclasses.testClass
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/retrieval/MyFetcher.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.retrieval.MyFetcher
de/uniwue/jpp/mensabot/retrieval/Fetcher.java
 de.uniwue.jpp.mensabot.retrieval.Fetcher
